icon background source - https://chandra.harvard.edu/photo/2024/25th/more.html


Current features:
Constellations Menu will display your custom constellation names and prices. You can have as many constellations as you want.
Constellation names will create keywords matching their name, please dont name it anything that will replace another mod's keyword or a vanilla keyword.
Your constellation will update on lobby load, so if your save starts on "Icebound" and that moon is in Constellation Bravo your current constellation will be set to bravo.
Moons are locked/hidden with LLL when you are outside their set constellation.
Moon prices can be modified or set to be left alone. Generated config grabs their price value from LLL.
When routing to a constellation, it will set your level to the constellation's default level. So each constellation will have one moon which is basically free besides the - price to route to the specific constellation.
Company moon can be routed to from ANY constellation, will always display on moons page (I guess lore is company will always pay for your trip back? idk lol)

Planned features:
Replace "constellations" with another word via configuration. So long as the word doesn't already exist.
*done*
Info command for the constellations menu and each specific constellation (maybe you can add lore for your specific constellations here?)
*done*
Make the constellations menu prettier with more info, maybe display the default planet alongside the price
add confirm/deny to constellations menu maybe?
*done*
maybe add randomized names for constellations if an already existing keyword is detected
*maybe done, untested*
I may decide I don't like this name and wanna change it lol

Some ideas I could maybe work on if there's demand:
Dynamic pricing depending on which constellation you're in
Sync client config values to whatever the host has
Allowing for setting moons to hidden that are assigned to a constellation


---------------------------------------------

requested features for next potential update:
Add constellations keyword info to help menu the same way it is added to other menu (maybe add a configuration for one or the other or both?)
-done
Add support for multi-word constellation keywords (will need to rewrite some word matching for the command)
-done
Add support for a hidden constellation, which will contain hidden moons (ez config option)
-done
Add public stuff for other mods to access Current Constellation stuff
-notdone
Add company building (gordion) to default ignore list
-done, sorta (handled differently)
Add support for hiding constellations you cant afford (to avoid spoilers)
-done


----------------------------------------------
Leafar req -
Just wanted to leave here some features i had in mind that would be cool to have:
Buy once (After paying to path to a constellation, let the players choose if you need to pay again to route to that constellation or unlocking it)
Paths (Only being able to route to a specific constellation if another constellation have already been routed at least once)
Preview Weather of Default Moon

jakeisloud — 08/12/2024 9:36 AM
That’s what I was thinking when I suggested the ability to put moons in multiple constellations